hey what's up guys this is one from
inline warehouse and today we're going
to take a quick look at the 2010
rollerblade estilo this is a limited
edition model for 2010 and then says
rollerblades highest and streetscape
starting with the line of the liners
extremely comfortable has different
density foams on the inside really
designed to make your skinning
experience as comfortable as possible
I really really enjoy this liner liners
v cut in the back complements the v cut
in the cuffs gonna give you a little bit
mobility a little bit better mobility we
have a Velcro top strap here very very
customizable
I actually prefer this over a
traditional style buckle across the
ankle part we do have a rack to style
buckle to keep your ankle down we got
this really cool croc like looking skin
on the boot itself just for some added
style points the sole plates themselves
are very fast very wide fast sliding
probably one of the better sole systems
out there and going along with that we
have the roller blade switch frame now
this wheel this frame accommodates up to
72 millimeter wheels there's four
different ways you can ride this frame
but in my opinion the best way to write
it as the weight comes right now out of
the box with two anti rocking wheels the
skate also incorporates a heel shock
absorber and the footbed itself also has
some shock absorbing qualities so
overall this skate is really designed
for the up-and-coming skater for the
high-end guys currently Robert Guerrero
is skating the skate if he saw his
rollerblade solo collective edit you'll
notice that he skate and escaped
throughout his section I am also
currently skating it this was what mine
looks like I just got mine over the
weekend just had a chance to set them up
made some minor modifications cut the
soleplate down cut the cuffs down a
little bit and I hooked up a create
original spring eulogy wheels and crap
bearings I'm really looking forward to
skating the skate I was on the 2009
rollerblades I really really liked them
and 2010 is gonna be
different thanks for checking it out
check me out next time